- [inmates chattering]
- [indistinct chatter on radio]
[metal clinking]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- [Max wheezing]
- [door opens]
[eerie music playing]
[guard 1] I'll be damned.
Looks like ol' Cady almost got by. huh?
[guard 2] Close don't count
if it ain't horseshoes or hand grenades.
Let's mop these boys up.
[Max groans]
[guard 1] WrestleMania is over. [chuckles]
[guard 2 chuckles]
Ain't you gonna call it in?
[guard 1] What was that?
[Max groaning]
[radio static]
[guard 1] Control. uh. 10-52. weight room.
[officer] This is command.
10-52. weight room acknowledged.
- Over.
- [guard 1] Don't stand up.
Why don't you stop moving back there.
bucko? That leg is cooked.
[clock ticking]
[guard 2] You didn't see anything.
ain't that right?
[guard 1] Talking to you. old man.
[music continues]
[machines beeping]
[surgeon] After this.
I'll put you in a coma.
But now. I need you awake.
You know any nursery rhymes?
[Max] ♪ Pintxo. Pintxo
Gure txakurra da ta ♪
[surgeon] What the hell is that?
Did I cut the wrong wire?
Basque song my mom sang.
[surgeon] I have to be able to
understand you.
♪ Three blind mice ♪
[surgeon] Okay. Drill.
[drill whirring]
[breathing heavily]
[inmate. in Spanish] You should be dead.
[grunts]
What kept you alive?
I'm stubborn.
[chuckles]
That is a side effect of rage.
Where does your rage come from?
[mumbling in Spanish]
It's not...
just any one. They treat me like shit.
They used me.
They treat me like shit. I'm alone.
In this hell.
[inhales deeply]
[groans]
What is it like in hell?
When I was in...
my coma...
I saw my family.
They came to tell me something...
They spoke.
[crying] But I couldn't hear.
[sobbing]
That filled me with rage.
[mumbles in Spanish]
[sobbing]
I'm sorry...
...but rage is not the way.
You know I serve the gods?
[sighs]
Don't talk to me about that shit.
cutting heads off chickens and rats.
[mumbles in Spanish]
[groaning. sighs]
[inmate] Our religion could help you.
[sighs]
It's the religion of people
who have been enslaved...
...oppressed...
...people who have been wronged.
It's a religion
that connects you to the dead.
With the dead?
Tell me more.
Please.
[groans]
[inmate] You are a son of Changó...
...who kills. without being killed.
Who speaks with a thunderbolt.
You'll make offerings of fruit...
...coffee grounds...
...cigarette ash.
He'll grant you justice and protection.
And bring you close to those you've lost.
[rhythmic clapping]
[all chanting] Fire in the eye!
Fire in the mouth!
The leopard kills the goat!
And bathes in her blood!
Fire in the eye!
Fire in the mouth!
The leopard kills the goat!
And bathes in her blood!
Fire in the eye!
Fire in the mouth!
The leopard kills the goat!
And bathes in her blood!
[chanting continues]
[rhythmic clapping]
[speaking Spanish]
[clapping continues]
[sinister music playing]
[clapping fades]
[dramatic music playing]
[mysterious music playing]
[whirring]
[security system. in English]
Residence secure.
[in English] Yeah. system's
top of the line. Nobody can hack it.
Camera resolution's so good.
you could read package labels
on your porch.
Good.
Oh. of course. savvy perps.
they'll blind your camera with a laser.
The best thing would be
buy a second set of cameras.
you train it on the first set and then.
you know. when they mess with it.
you still have it on video.
Can't put a price on safety.
- Thank you.
- All right. Have a good one.
- [grunts]
- Thanks.
[thudding]
[Natalie] What is that sound?
- Could Peanut Butter be in the wall?
- [Tom] No. it...
If it was the cat. he'd meow.
- So. where is he then?
- [Anna] Natalie. can you focus. please?
Pepper spray. Keep it on you.
All right. New ground rules.
We need to know
where you are at all times.
And if you need to go any place.
we're gonna take you.
Keep your location services on.
We're not monitoring you. just being safe.
Well. you are monitoring us.
That's good.
It's good to be safe.
What's the long-term plan?
- Uh. we're taking measures.
- Weighing our options.
Well. school starts next week.
Are you going to follow us around
like the KGB?
Natalie. I don't think you
understand the danger
that Max and his daughter present.
Nat. you gotta just trust us.
[chuckles] Speaking of...
Why are you home from work?
Did you get fired?
- No. No.
- No. Course not.
Okay. so are we gonna live
like this forever
or should we move?
No. we're not selling the house.
This is where we live.
That's not how we deal with bullies.
[chuckling] Okay. So. why don't you
go across the street
and figure out what he wants?
- That wouldn't work.
- No.
Okay. I'll be in my holding cell. [scoffs]
How are you doing. bud?
Just worried about my dad.
Well. I... I appreciate that.
I'm okay.
We should probably decide what we're
gonna tell them about why you're home.
Should I have just told her what happened?
Well. that depends on what happened.
[Tom] They should've never granted him
a provisional release so fast.
The governor had a PR nightmare last year
with the Willis execution.
so they cut corners.
It's fucking politics.
But th-they had the DNA evidence.
- The knife. the blood--
- I know. I know. I know. I know. I know.
[breathes heavily] So what do we do now?
[Henry] We have to be careful.
Max is practically untouchable
after what he's been through.
- [sighs] Goddamn it.
- And it's not illegal for him to move in
across the street. unfortunately.
Henry. the guy got his daughter
to-to mess with my kids.
He... [sighs]
He pulled this AI shit on me
to sexually harass my coworker.
[Henry] But you can't prove it. can you?
Of course not. Or else I would've.
Tom. I am on your side. bud.
And I will...
I will get into the restraining order.
Just be patient. Let him make a mistake.
Then we'll send him back where he belongs.
All right.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Zack. you scared me. [chuckles]
What's up?
You okay?
[Zack] Mm-hmm.
[choking. screams]
[panting]
[sniffles]
[grunts]
Oh. my God! [screams]
[wailing]
Natalie! Oh. God!
[Anna] Natalie. are you all right?
- Someone's in my room!
- [Tom] What happened?
[Anna] What?
[Tom] Oh. my God. She's burning up.
- She's burning up.
- No. honey. you were just dreaming.
You're just dreaming. You're okay.
You sick?
- [Tom] Yeah.
- [Anna] It's okay.
- [retches]
- [Tom grunts] Fuck.
- [Anna] It's okay. You're okay.
- [Natalie hiccups]
- Fuck. Oh. fuck.
- It's okay. It's okay. Here.
- Come on. Let's clean you up. darling.
- [Tom sighing]
- It's all right.
- [Anna] Come on. Let's clean you up.
[Natalie grunts]
It's okay.
[ominous music playing]
[sighs]
[whistling tune]
[mysterious music playing]
[door unlocks. opens]
[preacher] That's right. In the name
of the father and of the holy spirit!
How the fuck did she get out?
You know that she came to see me
the other day?
I don't want to see her again.
[stammers] She's sick! She's fucking sick!
And she's supposed to be under your care.
Get the bitch under control now. Now! Now!
[person] Every man will be called into
account for what he has done in his life.
- Even you. Max.
- Ah.
Ah. ah. Well. if you can't do
something about it.
I'll take care of it myself.
You know that? You want that?
- [stammers] Hold on. now. Shut up!
- Huh?
Don't you do nothing stupid. Max.
Any pain she brings you.
you can blame that shit on yourself.
Motherfucker.
What if I blame you. old man?
What if I paid you a visit?
Would you like to see me again?
Think about that. you fucking scumbag.
[Anna sniffs]
The vent's blowing air. but it's not cold.
[Tom] Yeah. I... I know.
It must be a coolant leak.
Can we talk about this?
What. about how hot it is?
Oh... [scoffs] ...you know what I mean.
But you do accept that Max
faked those messages with my voice. right?
- And what did those messages say?
- [sighs]
It doesn't matter what...
But... [stammers] ...you do understand
it was him. right? Max did this.
No. you did this.
You gave him something to use against us.
Did you find a new therapist for Zack
after you fired his last one?
[sniffles]
Not yet.
Look. I... They won't like
missing the first day of school.
but I think the kids should go stay
- with your cousin.
- [Tom] Come on. I can protect our kids.
What are you talking about?
Nothing.
I'm not changing schools my senior year.
Nobody said anything about that.
Am I allowed to go read by the pool?
Yeah. just keep your phone on you.
How are you feeling after last night?
I'm good. It's probably something I ate.
[whispers] Okay.
Just take it easy. okay?
[Natalie] Mm-hmm.
AC's broken. by the way.
You should call someone.
[mysterious music playing]
[pages rustling]
[thunder rumbling]
[liquid pouring]
[car approaching]
Natalie! Hey!
Hey. wait up!
It's Louis Pilgrim! From the podcast!
Hey. what you drinking. huh?
You like to party?
Hey. your mom.
she used to be a party girl too
and she was drinking
during the trial. right?
- I know what you're doing.
- [Louis chuckles]
Hey. you wanna splash me again?
We got a lot of views on that last time.
Hey. I heard that they were fucking
before the trial. so...
I mean. your stepdad
might be your actual dad. right?
Fucking stop.
They met in law school. right?
Yeah. you ask the best questions.
[Max] Hey.
[thunder rumbling]
- [Louis] Whoa. hey.
- How you doing?
- [chuckles] Hey. Max. Yeah.
- Hey. Hi.
Let me see this. Okay. one second.
- Give us a minute. Come here.
- What are you...
[speaking indistinctly]
You okay?
You stalking me too?
[chuckles] No. I took my dog
to the vet down there.
That's what I'm doing here. You hurt?
I can take care of myself.
I didn't need your help.
Also. really weird
that you moved across the street.
[car engine starts]
You're kind of obsessed with my parents.
Oh. your parents told you that?
Did they tell you why they think
I might be obsessed?
You don't have any idea about it?
I mean...
validly.
you're pissed that you went to prison
- and. um... I mean. they just...
- Natalie...
- For them to...
- ...hold on. hold on. hold on. hold on.
That's not water.
- That's not water. is it? [sucks teeth]
- [thunder rumbles]
What are you doing?
[chuckling] You can't go home like this.
[clicks tongue]
- Excuse me?
- [chuckles]
Wow.
[sighs] I can see
there's a thunderstorm inside you.
[tense music playing]
That's why you drink.
to drown out the storm.
All right. let me get you a coffee
so you can sober up.
And then I'll take you home.
What about that?
[Natalie] You can go right. Over here.
- [Max] All right.
- I have to go in the back. [chuckles]
[Max sighs]
I snuck out. [chuckles]
[chuckling] So embarrassing.
[thunder rumbling]
[sniffs]
What?
My parents are very scared of you.
[chuckles] Oh.
And you?
- [babbles]
- [chuckles]
[babbles. chuckles]
- Are you scared of me? Come on.
- [chuckling] No. No.
I hope not.
because I can tell you're very perceptive.
[chuckling] How can you see that?
Anyone can see that.
If they look.
Natalie. how you doing?
[Natalie sighs]
No one's asked me that in a long time.
[Max] Mmm.
[sighs]
Did you send Nevaeh to. like.
mess with us. or with me?
Did that girl do something to you?
I don't know. She acted like a friend. or...
more than a friend.
Oh. wow.
Uh... [sighs. stammers]
...I don't really know her that well.
but I'm sorry she hurt you.
Yeah. It's... [inhales sharply]
...too good to be true.
[Max] I know. I know.
Yeah. I know how it feels
when somebody betrays you. right?
It can make you feel alone.
But you seem good at being alone.
And that is a source of strength.
Embrace it.
What?
Did you hear what that podcast guy
said about Tom?
[Max] No.
About him. like. being my real dad.
[Max] Hmm.
Do you know what happened
between them back then?
Ask your mother.
If you don't get an answer.
then ask me.
Okay.
[Max] You'd better go.
[chuckles] I know.
I'm getting nervous about that too.
[chuckles] Are you okay? You feel okay?
Yeah. much better.
Thank you for my expensive coffee.
[Max chuckles] Any time.
- [Natalie] Bye.
- Bye.
[thunder rumbling]
[scoffs]
[therapist on laptop]
Welcome to Anger Management.
I'm Dr. Anita and I ask
that everyone keep their cameras on.
It's important to know
that everyone is participating.
as this is a requirement.
[sighs]
[Dr. Anita] Anger management
is not about burying your anger.
because when you bury it.
you just make it bigger and meaner
when it does come out.
Anna?
Anna Bowden?
Oh. I'm sorry. what?
Remember I'm checking in.
- Mm-hmm.
- Cameras on.
I'm here. Sorry.
Okay. Great.
Let's all do an exercise.
- [Tom] Natalie. no.
- Think about the last time
that you felt your neck muscles
tighten up.
- [Natalie] ...to try to be okay. Have you...
- Close your eyes...
- [Tom] Keep your voice down.
- ...and begin to imagine the situation.
[Natalie] God forbid.
I try fucking alcohol
- at 17 years old.
- Don't think about the trigger.
but just what happened.
- [Natalie] Stop monitoring me.
- [Tom] Stop. Stop yelling.
The last thing your mother
needs to worry about is you drinking.
[Natalie] Let me be a human being
- and figure shit out on my own.
- [Tom] A human being? A human being?
- What is going on?
- [Tom] I'm-I'm dealing with it.
- [sighs]
- Natalie. where did you get alcohol?
In the world. It's plentiful.
Answer my question.
Why have you been home for two days?
Uh... [stammers]
...there was a misunderstanding.
Did you sexually harass someone?
[both] No.
[Dr. Anita speaking indistinctly]
Go upstairs. Go.
Great. great.
Now she thinks I'm a sexual predator.
Like I'm-I'm toxic.
No. no. she doesn't. She's just confused.
I'm confused.
[sighs] I told you nothing happened.
Something almost happening
isn't the same thing as nothing happening.
[ominous music playing]
What's the matter?
Slut got your tongue? [chuckles]
What?
[Dr. Anita speaking indistinctly]
[birds chirping. whistling]
[Tom] What?
Um...
there's something wrong with the walls.
Oh. I don't feel right.
[exhales]
I-I don't...
Oh. shit.
Oh. shit. Nat. Nat! Zack!
Don't drink the tea!
Why can't they drink the tea?
Uh. I think it's been spiked with acid.
Acid?
- [Tom] Yeah.
- Acid? Where? What?
Where did it come from?
Uh... [stammers] Uh. it's from my supply.
From your... From your acid supply?
- [Tom] Yeah. [stammers] It's for. um...
- [laughs]
It's for micro-dosing. I... [stammers]
It's just for stress.
[sighs]
- It's like CBD oil.
- [Anna chuckles]
Nat! [stammers. sighs]
[Anna] Oh. my God.
I'm 17 years sober. Tom.
[gasps] Wait.
How did your acid get into our drinks?
Fuck. How did he do it? [exhales deeply]
[Anna] Somebody's gonna find out.
[gasps] They're gonna take the kids.
- No. somebody's gonna take the...
- No. no. no. no. Listen. listen. listen.
Don't-Don't have
any disturbing thoughts. or-or else...
Or else you're gonna have
a bad trip. It's okay.
[chuckles]
Oh. you know a lot about this. huh?
I do. I do. I can...
I can talk us through this.
[Dr. Anita. distorted] Hello? Ms. Bowden?
- Um. you're not responding to me.
- What was that?
Wait.
[normal voice] I'm a little concerned.
I... Could you please let me know?
Are we on mute?
Um. is everything all right?
[chuckling]
Yeah.
[sighs]
[Natalie] Mom?
The stairs are too big for me.
[Tom] Let's stay calm. ride it out.
[panting] We need to be ready.
He's waiting. He's gonna come over.
And we need to call the police.
[Zack chuckling]
- [exhales]
- [Tom chuckles]
Maybe that's what he wants. right?
Maybe he wants us to call the police
on ourselves.
Or maybe...
he wants us to think he wants us
to call the police on ourselves.
Wait. is that what I meant?
We'll watch on the cameras.
I'll go get my shotgun.
Wait. is that a good idea?
Oh. I think so.
[laughing. distorted]
[Tom groans. breathes heavily]
[groans. breathes heavily]
- Who are you?
- [Tom] Huh?
[chuckles]
It's just the medicine
running through your system.
[Natalie] Were you in my room last night?
Natalie. be nicer to your brother.
I thought it was a dream.
but I don't think it was.
[Anna] Natalie.
[Natalie] 'Cause I hear you at night.
- Stop.
- I think you're doing things.
[Anna] You need to be
more nice to your brother.
Moving around and going in other rooms.
He is going through something.
[Natalie] I know you are.
And you need to be gentle with him.
[Natalie] What are you doing?
Hello?
Stop.
[sighs] What did you do?
What did I do?
"What if he knows what we did?"
That's what you said
and that's why this is happening.
And I wanna know what it is.
[breathes shakily]
I think I overcorrected afterwards.
I think my entire life
has been an overcorrection.
- [Natalie] An overcorrection to what?
- [Zack humming]
[Anna] Zack. why are you humming?
[humming stops]
Who's Zack?
[both chuckling]
[object whirring. distorted]
Wait.
[distorted] Do you hear that?
- [shushes]
- [whirring continues]
Is that real?
[Tom] I hear that.
[ominous music playing]
[Anna] Tom.
[Tom] Mm-hmm?
[Anna] What is that doing in our house?
Oh. fuck. I hate drones.
[Tom] Everybody. just calm down.
We don't know if that's really here.
[Anna] No. I think it's real.
[gunshot]
[Tom. Anna panting]
- [chuckles]
- [shell rattles]
- [shushing]
- Okay. [breathing heavily]
- We have to do something.
- [Tom sighs]
We have to call the police.
[Tom] Police can't help.
We can't prove anything.
But there are other ways to go.
We can hire someone to send him a message.
All the criminals I know
are innocent. remember?
[chuckles]
What the fuck does he want?
Like. what is his endgame in all of this?
Why don't we try and find out?
[Anna] I have been.
No. he's right over there
right now. right?
Acting like the fucking friendly neighbor.
- Yeah.
- [Tom] Let's go play...
Let's go play neighbor back.
If we can get him to talk.
we can learn what he wants.
When?
Why not right now?
[suspenseful music playing]
[gate closes]
Just keep an eye out for any sign
that Nevaeh's in there.
Okay.
If he's harboring her.
the DA could bring a charge.
[Max] It's unlocked! Come on in.
[jazz rock music playing on speaker]
[Max] Romeo. Romeo...
[speaks Spanish. kisses]
[whistles. clicks tongue]
Who is it?
[whispering] No. No. it's all right.
[Max] Hello. Who is it?
Romeo!
Hey!
[clears throat] It's. uh...
- [Max] Hey!
- [Tom] Hi.
- [Max] Tom.
- [Tom] Yeah.
- How you do...
- [Tom sighs]
Wow. both my neighbors.
[chuckles] What a surprise.
What brings you here?
[Tom sighs]
Uh. well. we just came over.
We wanted to say hi.
- Yeah.
- Oh. hi.
[Anna] You know what?
We can come back and we'll talk then.
No. no. no. no.
This is great. this is great.
Give me a second.
I-I was hoping you'd come by one day.
Yeah. but let me see. uh... One sec.
I think I made enough food
to put something together for you.
Yeah. I think... Yeah. yeah. So. hold on.
Stay... Stay and. uh...
- [crockery clatters]
- ...and eat with me and then we can talk.
[music continues]
[chuckles] Oh. you have to try this.
Pigs' ears.
No. Thank you.
[Max] Anna.
[mumbles] Funny stomach. right?
Well. they're pretty good.
[cat meows]
Max. we don't wanna interrupt your night.
We just wanna talk about a few th...
Is that our cat?
What. this one? Is it?
Really? He came to my door.
I thought he was a stray.
I mean. you must not be
feeding him properly. obviously.
Look at him. Starving.
You took Peanut Butter?
[Max] What?
[Peanut Butter meows]
Peanut Butter? Really?
You're calling this majestic creature
Peanut Butter?
This is Maní. [kisses]
- Yes. Oh. shit.
- [Peanut Butter meows]
Honey! Come here and meet my friends.
Hi. The Bowdens. Honey.
I remember you.
Right. Tom. He was at the bar.
Tom. yeah.
Yeah. Right. right.
[Honey] Hi. Tom.
- Hi.
- [Honey giggles]
[Max] So. they came here as a surprise.
And. um... [inhales sharply] ...do you mind
if I have dinner with them alone?
[Honey] Mm-hmm. It's fine.
Okay.
[Max moaning]
[moaning continues]
- Honey. Honey. Honey.
- [Honey giggling]
[song ends]
You are not eating.
Well... [chuckles]
...I feel a little bit rejected.
That's the truth. but anyway...
Let's talk. let's talk.
Now. let me know.
what do neighbors talk about?
I have no idea.
Wh-What? Like. family?
Like. business? Like. future? What?
What do you see
when you look to the future. Max?
[Anna] I mean.
you want a future. don't you?
Yeah. yeah. But what do you mean?
What we mean is we recognize that you
have been through a very difficult time.
And maybe we could help you now.
Right. Right. right. right.
So you're talking reparations. right?
Okay. Just for the sake of argument.
what do you have in mind?
What if we help fund a new restaurant?
Help find investors?
I don't need that anymore
because there's a friend of Tabitha's
who's doing it already.
Got the location and everything.
And we are gonna take my old menu
and bring it back.
And-And then. uh...
And the place is gonna be called
Melissa and Adam
and it's gonna be fantastic.
And I can't be more excited about it.
And you guys are more than welcome
to come to the grand opening.
Exciting times!
Exciting times. my friends.
- [Anna] What do you want?
- What do I want? [inhales sharply]
Whoa! What do I want?
I want to be reunited with my family.
[ominous music playing]
Can you do that for me?
No. you can't. All right. what else?
Hey. you could help me recreate my family.
Because Melissa. before she died...
Yeah. Her eggs were frozen.
So. through a surrogate my dead wife
and I could have a child.
[Tom sighs]
I mean. we could pay for a surrogate.
- [Tom] Sure.
- And cover the costs.
What about you being the surrogate?
[scoffs]
No. wait.
There's a cutoff age thing. right?
What a shame.
- [sucks teeth]
- [Tom clears throat]
No. who else could it be?
Who else could it be?
Let's think about it.
[breathes shakily]
[chuckles]
I'm joking. I don't have any frozen eggs.
[chuckling] Your faces.
You should've seen your faces.
No. But hold on. what can you do for me?
You can apologize.
I have apologized.
Weeks ago. I apologized.
You need to actually mean it.
I mean it. We mean it.
No. it should be a public apology
where you both speak openly
and in detail what you've done to me.
And take responsibility
so people can see who you really are.
That kind of apology.
And also you should quit practicing law.
For sure. I mean both of you.
- [scoffs]
- [Max] Before you hurt someone else.
But that's a small price to pay.
Come on. you'll still have each other.
- Anna. Anna?
- [knocks on table]
Yeah?
I trusted you.
Because when you represented me...
[breathes deeply]
You know what I mean.
[chuckles]
Leave us alone or I'm gonna take matters
into my own hands.
Is that a threat. Tom?
Yeah.
All right. But you have to kill me.
I know.
And think about this.
You'll never be with your family again...
because you'll be in prison.
Like I was.
Which is kind of poetic... [chuckles]
...don't you think?
But I'm here. Tom.
Go ahead.
We know what you have been doing. Max.
We know. And we want it to stop.
I'm gonna tell you a story
about a girl named Lila.
Lila was. um...
[utensils clatter]
Lila thought she was better
than everyone else.
That's what she thought.
And she had contempt.
Most of all for one boy.
She tormented the boy.
But the boy was patient.
The boy took his time
and he never complained.
And slowly. over time.
her contempt changed into desire.
And Lila fell in love with the boy.
You know what I'm talking about. I think.
You know what the boy did then?
He used her love...
to punish her.
And he played with her like a cat.
like Maní will play with a little mouse.
until she was broken and destroyed.
Because you know what?
The boy wanted to be paid in pain.
- Because when someone really wrongs you...
- [lighter ignites. shuts off]
[swallows]
...you find your way and you take your time
to make that someone feel
the way you felt.
Which is total loss of control.
[lighter ignites. shuts off]
This was a nice evening.
Next time. your place if you want.
Maní will come home when he's ready.
You can't force a cat.
And now get the fuck out of here.
[sucking]
[inmate. in Spanish] Visiting Changó?
[Max] Yes.
Visiting your altar.
Now that Changó is enthroned in your head...
...justice shall be yours.
Do you remember...
...when I was attacked...
...and you didn't lift a finger.
I'm an old man.
Yes. well. not that old.
I was investigating and I've asked around.
I know those Aryan Brothers
who attacked me
were also fucking with you too. right?
And you told them
that I was not protected.
You basically offered me up to that gang.
- No. No. no.
- Like a sacrifice. a puppet. right?
I saw something in you.
That's why I offered you my protection.
[mutters. in Spanish]
It so happens that...
...you told me to let go of my rage.
to let it die.
But I think you really
wanted to calm my nerves...
...in case I found out
that you sent me to the dogs.
[chuckles. mutters in Spanish]
My family is angry because they are dead.
And they want me to be angry too.
My family wants my rage. Padrino.
[chuckles]
- [whispering] They made me do it.
- [gasps]
- But you were strong...
- [mutters in Spanish]
...and I'm glad you killed them.
[mutters in Spanish]
I came here to your cell to thank you
from the bottom of my heart...
...because you introduced me to the gods.
and that's something
I'll carry my whole life.
- But I cannot just forget!
- [grunting]
[shiv stabbing]
[Padrino groaning]
- [stabbing stops]
- [grunts]
[Padrino breathes shakily]
This isn't what the gods want.
[chuckles]
The gods are going to be
very happy with me.
I'm going to give them a family.
[in English] What was he talking about?
That story about the girl?
No. About the two of you.
You know. "You know what I mean.
You know what I'm talking about."
I don't know. I don't know what goes on
inside of his head. I have no idea.
After all of that. that was your takeaway?
Did you sleep with him?
When I was fucking pregnant. Tom?
Did I sleep with him?
The only inappropriate relationship I had
during that trial was with you.
I don't know.
Maybe... Maybe. uh...
you know. before his wife was found dead.
maybe there was something going on.
like some sort of emotional connection.
Kinda like that thing
between you and Lexi.
Oh. don't... don't twist this around on me.
He's fucking with your brain. Tom.
[Natalie] Come on. guys. come inside!
Something's burning!
[smoke alarm beeping]
Mom. Tom.
- [Anna] Natalie?
- Okay. Get back. Get back. get back.
Are you okay? Hey. You all right?
Should we call...
[coughs] Oh. shit. [grunting]
[grunting]
[panting]
[ominous music playing]
[groans]
[gasps]
[Anna] Tom. what's going on?
Zack started the fire.
What?
- [groans]
- [bangs on door]
Zack. open up!
Zack! Zack?
[Zack speaks indistinctly]
Who is he talking to?
- What?
- [person chatters]
- There's somebody in there with him.
- Oh. God. [grunts]
- [Anna] Zack?
- [grunts]
Zack! Where are you? Hey...
What the fuck?
What is going on? Get out of there.
- Get out of there.
- Come on.
- Here. Take him. Sit down.
- [Zack] Calm down.
[panting] Jesus. Oh. my God.
[Anna] Be careful.
Oh. Jesus. [grunts]
I'm gonna see where it heads.
You started that fire? Hmm?
[chuckles]
[Anna] What else have you done?
Did you spike our tea?
[chuckles]
Why would you do that to your family?
Hmm? Why?
You're not my family.
Zack. talk to me.
Go fuck yourself. Anna.
[Tom] Anna.
I think somebody's been in here.
[yelps. groans]
[gasps] Tom?
Tom!
I'm okay! [pants]
Where are you? I don't see anything.
[Tom] I fell downstairs!
What the fuck? What is this?
- Somebody's been living down here!
- What?
[Tom] There's somebody living
in our house!
What the hell?
- Somebody's been sleeping in the--
- [thuds]
[person screaming]
Tom?
- Tom? Are you all right?
- [thudding]
[screaming continues]
Natalie. come help me.
- [person screaming]
- [Tom] Get off me! [grunting]
Let go!
[thudding]
[groans. coughs]
Tom! Tom. are you all right?
[Tom] There's someone
in the wall. [grunting]
What?
[panting] It's the possum.
- [gasps]
- [exclaims] Anna!
Let go! [grunting]
[straining]
[person screams]
[Tom grunting. panting]
- [grunting]
- [choking]
[Nevaeh shrieks]
[screams]
[both panting. grunting]
[Tom] Come on. Come on.
[screaming]
[panting] Stay away from my son!
[breathes shakily]
What son? [chuckling]
[Tom breathes shakily]
What?
[dramatic music playing]
[ominous music playing]
[music ends]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-